Initial changelog for 24.10 (#71127)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: CHANGELOG.md

* Reordering of filter conditions from `[PRE]WHERE` clause is now allowed by default. It could be disabled by setting `allow_reorder_prewhere_conditions` to `false`. [#70657](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/70657) ([Nikita Taranov](https://github.com/nickitat)).
* Fix `optimize_functions_to_subcolumns` optimization (previously could lead to `Invalid column type for ColumnUnique::insertRangeFrom. Expected String, got LowCardinality(String)` error), by preserving `LowCardinality` type in `mapKeys`/`mapValues`. [#70716](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/70716) ([Azat Khuzhin](https://github.com/azat)).
* Remove the `idxd-config` library, which has an incompatible license. This also removes the experimental Intel DeflateQPL codec. [#70987](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/70987) ([Alexey Milovidov](https://github.com/alexey-milovidov)).

#### New Feature

> * MongoDB integration refactored: migration to new driver mongocxx from deprecated Poco::MongoDB, remove support for deprecated old protocol, support for connection by URI, support for all MongoDB types, support for WHERE and ORDER BY statements on MongoDB side, restriction for expression unsupported by MongoDB. [#63279](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/63279) ([Kirill Nikiforov](https://github.com/allmazz)).

Reviewer: Regarding URI, support for the +srv URI is unfortunately still disabled due to build issues.

```suggestion
* MongoDB integration refactored: migration to new driver mongocxx from deprecated Poco::MongoDB support for all MongoDB types, support for WHERE and ORDER BY statements on MongoDB side, restriction for expression unsupported by MongoDB. Note that new inegration is disabled by default, to use it, please set `<use_legacy_mongodb_integration>` to `false` in server config. [#63279](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/63279) ([Kirill Nikiforov](https://github.com/allmazz)).
```
